add new library for configuring GNSS LNA (#7338)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/modem_gnss_cfg.rst

.. _lib_modem_gnss_cfg:

Modem GNSS configuration
########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

You can use this library to configure GNSS Low Noise Amplifier (LNA) on an nRF9160 DK or a Thingy:91.

Overview
********

> The library writes the MAGPIO and COEX0 configuration to the modem after the Modem library has been initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library writes the MAGPIO and COEX0 configuration to the modem after the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem` library has been initialized.
```

> The configuration depends on the selected board, and whether the onboard or an external antenna is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration depends on the selected board and the used antenna type, onboard or external.
```

Configuration
*************

> Configure the following Kconfig option to enable this library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the following Kconfig option to enable this library:
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_GNSS_CFG` - Enables the Modem GNSS configuration library.

> The following options select the used antenna type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one of the following options to select the used antenna type:
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_GNSS_CFG_ANTENNA_ONBOARD` - Selects the onboard GNSS antenna (default).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_GNSS_CFG_ANTENNA_EXTERNAL` - Selects an external GNSS antenna.

> The following options can be used to set custom AT commands for MAGPIO and COEX0 configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following options to set custom AT commands for MAGPIO and COEX0 configuration:
```
